This directory contains a small set of scripts that aim to make it
easier to analyze the openSUSE packages. This is used by the GNOME team,
so the default settings might need to be changed for uses by other
teams.

All data created will be created in /tmp/obs-dissector unless the
OBS_DISSECTOR_DIR environment variable is set.


create-database:
    Based on a checkout of packages (made with obs-checkout, eg), this
    script gathers data from all packages in a database so that it's
    easy to analyze.
    See also 'create-database --help'.

dissector_util.py:
    Miscellaneous functions that make life easier.

download-gnome-versions:
    Download information about the latest versions of various GNOME
    modules.

download-upstream-versions:
    Download information about the latest versions of various modules
    that are not hosted on ftp.gnome.org.

feedparser.py:
    Universal feed parser: http://www.feedparser.org/
    Put here for convenience, so you don't have to install it.

obs-checkout:
    Check out packages from specified project.
    By default, it just uses $OBS_DISSECTOR_DIR/obs-co-stable as
    destination directory, but there are some options to use various
    directories. See how it's being used in runme, for example.
    There are various options to select what to check out, and how to
    check out.
    This script should not be run too frequently because it does many
    requests on the Build Service servers.
    See also 'obs-checkout --help'.

osc_extend.py:
    Mini-classes extending the OSC classes, to make life easier.

osc-gnome.py:
    A osc plugin for collaboration within the openSUSE GNOME Team.
    Copy in ~/.osc-plugins/ and check 'osc gnome --help' out.

runme:
    Small helper to show how to use everything, and get some data from
    scratch.

upstream-limits.txt:
    Information about limits for upstream versions. We might not want
    to look for unstable versions of a module, eg.

upstream-packages-match.txt:
    Data file that matches upstream GNOME module names to openSUSE
    source package names.

upstream-tarballs.txt:
    Information about where to find the latest upstream tarballs.
